Use CLI to assign team roles (#2755)
astronomer/docs: astro/manage-teams.md

4. Select the **Team** you want to add and define their **Workspace Role**, which determines their [Workspace user permissions](/astro/user-permissions.md#workspace-roles).

> :::cli
> You can add a Team to multiple Workspaces programmatically using the Astro CLI. See [`astro workspace team add`](cli/astro-workspace-team-add.md) for example output and commands.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::cli

You can add a Team to multiple Workspaces programmatically using the Astro CLI. See [`astro workspace team add`](cli/astro-workspace-team-add.md) for example output and commands.

:::
```

4. Select the **Team** you want to add and define their **Workspace Role**, which determines their [Workspace user permissions](/astro/user-permissions.md#workspace-roles).

## Add Teams to Workspaces using the Astro CLI

You can add a Team to Workspaces programmatically with the Astro CLI instead of individually adding them with the Cloud UI. You must be logged into the correct Organization to add a Team its Workspaces.

### Prerequisites

- The [Astro CLI](cli/install-cli.md).
- A [Team](#create-a-team)

### Add Teams to Workspaces

1. Run the following command to log in to Astro:

    ```sh
    astro login astronomer.io
    ```

2. Run the following command to identify the Workspace where you want to add the Team.
    
    ```sh
    astro workspace list
    ```

    If you don't see the right Workspace as a choice, confirm which Organization you're currently working in using `astro organization list`. You can switch to the correct Organization using `astro organization switch`.

>     :::

Author: ```suggestion
```

4. Select the **Team** you want to add and define their **Workspace Role**, which determines their [Workspace user permissions](/astro/user-permissions.md#workspace-roles).

> ## Add Teams to Workspaces with Astro CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add Teams to Workspaces using the Astro CLI
```
We can keep this topic for now, but in the future I would expect something like this in the Automation/ CI/CD menu in an "Examples" doc with a proper scripting example for adding multiple Teams at once. Currently the topic is positioned as if the steps are what you'd do to programmatically add teams, but the actual automation process is more complicated and uses alternative authentication steps.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::cli

You can add a Team to multiple Workspaces programmatically using the Astro CLI. See [`astro workspace team add`](cli/astro-workspace-team-add.md) for example output and commands.

:::

```
If you agree with my point above and don't want to publish this topic quite yet, we can use this note in its place under "Add a Team to a Workspace". I'm cool either way!

Author: Would it follow an analogous process to the Adding multiple users to a workspace? https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/manage-workspace-users#add-a-group-of-users-to-a-workspace-using-the-astro-cli

Author: Have discussed with CLI team that these processes are _not_ analogous, and this functionality would be really tricky to script. Will  skip for now.

You can add a Team to Workspaces programmatically with the Astro CLI instead of individually adding them with the Cloud UI. You must be logged into the correct Organization to add a Team its Workspaces.

### Prerequisites

> - Install the [Astro CLI](cli/install-cli.md).
> - Create a [Team](#create-a-team)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Astro CLI](cli/install-cli.md).
- A [Team](#create-a-team)
```

### Add Teams to Workspaces

> 1. Log in to Astro. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to log in to Astro:
```

    ```sh
    astro login astronomer.io
    ```

> 2. Choose the Workspace where you want to add a Team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the following command to identify the Workspace where you want to add the Team.
```
This is one of the steps where it wouldn't really make sense to have it from a programmatic standpoint, they would likely have the Workspace ID on hand or need to parse this output to retrieve it.

    
    ```sh

>     astro workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    astro workspace list
```

    ```

> 
>     :::tip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Tip is more "cool and optional", this feels like more of a troubleshooting step

>     If you do not see the Workspace as a choice, confirm which Organization you're currently working in with `astro organization list`. You can switch to the correct Organization with `astro organization switch`. You can also change your current Organization in the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you don't see the right Workspace as a choice, confirm which Organization you're currently working in using `astro organization list`. You can switch to the correct Organization using `astro organization switch`.
```

    :::

> 3. Retrieve the Team ID. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the following command to find the Team you want to add. Copy its `TEAM ID`:
```

    ```sh
    astro organization team list
    ```

> 
>     This command returns the Team ID, team name, creation date, and Organization Role the Team has.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Use the Team ID to assign the Team to other Workspaces in your Organization and optionally configure their [Workspace Role](/astro/user-permissions.md#workspace-roles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the following command to assign the Team to other Workspaces in your Organization.
```

    ```sh
    astro workspace team add <team-id> --role
    ```

>     Available Role options include `WORKSPACE_MEMBER`, `WORKSPACE_OPERATOR`, or `WORKSPACE_OWNER`. By default, the Team is assigned to `WORKSPACE_MEMBER`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Available role options include `WORKSPACE_MEMBER`, `WORKSPACE_AUTHOR`, `WORKSPACE_OPERATOR`, or `WORKSPACE_OWNER`. By default, the Team is assigned as a `WORKSPACE_MEMBER`.
```

> 5. You can test that you assigned your Team successfully by listing all Teams in your current Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the following command to confirm that the Team was successfully added to your current Workspace.
```
